[T2] GA datalake-store (#15887)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/datalake/azure-mgmt-datalake-store/README.md

> For docs and references, see [Python SDK References](https://docs.microsoft.com/python/api/overview/azure/data-lake-store)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For docs and references, see [Python SDK References](https://docs.microsoft.com/python/api/overview/azure/)
```

> For docs and references, see [Python SDK References](https://docs.microsoft.com/python/api/overview/azure/data-lake-store)
> Code samples for this package can be found at [Data Lake Store Management](https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/browse/?languages=python&term=Getting%20started%20-%20Managing&terms=Getting%20started%20-%20Managing) on docs.microsoft.com.
> Additional code samples for different Azure services are available at [Samples Repo](https://aka.ms/azsdk/python/mgmt/samples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to use this package, see the [quickstart guide](https://aka.ms/azsdk/python/mgmt)

For docs and references, see [Python SDK References](https://docs.microsoft.com/python/api/overview/azure/)
Code samples for this package can be found at [Advisor Management](https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/browse/?languages=python&term=Getting%20started%20-%20Managing&terms=Getting%20started%20-%20Managing) on docs.microsoft.com.
Additional code samples for different Azure services are available at [Samples Repo](https://aka.ms/azsdk/python/mgmt/samples)
```

> For docs and references, see [Python SDK References](https://docs.microsoft.com/python/api/overview/azure/data-lake-store)
> Code samples for this package can be found at [Data Lake Store Management](https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/azure-samples/azure-samples-python-management/data-lake-store) on docs.microsoft.com.
> Additional code samples for different Azure services are available at [Samples Repo](https://aka.ms/azsdk/python/mgmt/samples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to use this package, see the [quickstart guide](https://aka.ms/azsdk/python/mgmt)

For docs and references, see [Python SDK References](https://docs.microsoft.com/python/api/overview/azure/)
Code samples for this package can be found at [Advisor Management](https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/browse/?languages=python&term=Getting%20started%20-%20Managing&terms=Getting%20started%20-%20Managing) on docs.microsoft.com.
Additional code samples for different Azure services are available at [Samples Repo](https://aka.ms/azsdk/python/mgmt/samples)
```
